# Forsyth County Population and Hospitals
### [Click here for map](https://fogartycb.github.io/ForsythCo._Population_Hospitals/) 
### [Click here for the Winston Salem Journal Article](https://journalnow.com/news/local/forsyth-reports-268-new-covid-cases-friday-more-patients-are-hospitalized-in-triad-region-than/article_7738d3f0-30d7-11eb-8ef3-d7234e6b8d9d.html)
-------------------------------------
An article I choose was one I saw on the news website of my hometown.  I saw an article on the Winston Salem Journal about how Corona cases have been rising and more people have been admitted to the hospitals in Forsyth County because of it.  It is no secret that cases have been rising.  People are really feeling the quarantine fatigue and some restrictions from the very beginning have eased up.  Not to mention with the holidays coming around, people want to be with their friends and family.  This has led to the steady rise in the cases and hospitals are not prepared for a big surge and are nervous about the system being overwhelmed especially in Forsyth County.  I was inspired by this article to make a map showing the amount of hospitals we have in the county compared to the population.  Making this map also helps people make a plan for deciding where the nearest hospital is to them and how easy of an access it will be.  This map helps show that there is more of us then there are hospitals and we need to start planning for the worse. 

When creating this map I made an assets folder to store my data and the index.html file for the coding.  I used data on the population density from a previous lab but changed the look of it and the some other small details.  This data though originally came from the City of Winston Salem Open Data.  I also got the data for the hospitals from the NC One Map website.  I downloaded the hospital shapefile and then turned it into a geojson file.  I then created the map using a mix of javascript, html, and CSS coding.      
